for once Peppa had art it must be
put okay this is eh when I was going to
say when Franco well Fran you
know that I Fran usually comes here he's gossip
not so much but he usually comes more for the
little one Fran cuesta is a very good friend of mine
and there was a time when he came more to
Teres Alceo because we were tied up with
the Daniel Sancho issue no then well there was
like I know you know
that Fran cuesta well the people Love him
very much and they have like a lot of respect for him no
and then at that moment
Peppa wanted to make like an allusion to the
respect that she has for Fran cua but of
course with her with her little strap and with her
suspender because she was with Javi Oliveira
no Then she got her dick in a mess she
wanted to express her admiration for Fran
and it came out so-so okay listen to him
Carefully let's
see come on come on let's go but Fran cuesta
is not God no he's not God he's Sensible he's
extravagant he's
free but he's not God let's be we all make
mistakes Fran cuesta eh And I'm telling you
that I've been a fan of his since I was a little girl
or rather I Franca
was the mother  that
I but
if I put it again I put it again that
this is really good come on come on
but Fran cuesta is not God no he is not
God he is Sensible he is extravagant he is free
but he is not God we all make mistakes
Fran cuesta eh And I already told you that I have been a fan
of his since I was a little girl I mean
Fran cuesta was always in love
how strong but Peppa How do you say
that I can I can't she was wrong with
Félix Rodríguez de la Fuente or something the
math doesn't add up eh But well
the math doesn't add up for me But and this is a
personal dig because to be a pain
because since I am a vallenato
then I can allow myself to say it Franco
this is that one that you like so much Peppa has
said about me about me not about you about me that I am
a very sensible girl that he thinks I am a very
good girl and that he thinks I am an
attractive girl come on there you have it pretty
but yeah but she she was there before
you she was there since she was a girl since she was a girl since she was a
girl since she was a girl
Peppa is almost 70 years old and Fran is
50 I can't count
when Fran started in  2010
started making these programs in
2010 Peppa was 50 years old there already Good
point
Carmen the following year she entered GH
well let's see what to loj Maybe at 50 it was
already thought that she was a child what could be what
could be I think that Peppa
uploaded her measures from GH onwards from GH onwards so
a year Before she was born
she was a newborn of
course maybe she was wrong but
not with f Rodríguez de las Fuente but
because I think that let's see I think we are
talking about the years what of the 40s
at least we are not talking not about
the 50s 40 50 we are talking about
the 40s 1940 1950 and something 60 60 jav
of Peppa's birth you say we are in the we
are in the 23rd Well in the
50th in the
59th Of course we are going Fran's parents neither
we are nor we were little they went to
kindergarten nor had
Fran's parents met yet Peppa you were
wrong but so that you see until
the  point apart from the fact that we're
laughing eh To the point where she's capable
of lying she goes on talking and as she comes
across the topics she goes
around them and she makes up whatever she wants as she goes
along Look it's that no Or
well let's see or rather what I'm going to say
is not a spoiler as such because I think
everyone knows but I mean what do you
expect from a lady who says that the
prince has spread
butter and jam on a toast please no
but that confirms it he says that that's
true he he the the boy sang the
boy
sang the boy saint and evil but it's that
really what she needs I think she
needs a little bit of love
love
allito
[Applause]
Love Love
all what art has the one with the
eggs also suited her eh it's not like
you were wrong
so many well people for
next week we'll leave the rest we always
leave things pending look at you PR
stayed I mean if we hadn't cut the
first live but it seems to me they
seem super short man Why do we
start watching  things and since they are
different things they are dynamic each one
seems super short to me I mean I didn't think
that 2 and a half hours had already passed and
I believed myself and I believed that I had
left eh I had as I had
prepared it in the afternoon of live I
thought that I had fallen short
putting things but we have left out the
content I thought to see all of
juankaa I thought to see almost the
entire folder to get it out today of and and I
thought to get into I say well since we will have
time left we get into the mess
now of what he said today what he
said yesterday but well I'm not going to
deal with it tomorrow either because I haven't
said anything 3000 How many people are
here because the likes are short eh I
mean the likes have not reached 2000
likes so you are already pressing the
like button and apart from pressing the
like button you are setting the
alarm for tomorrow at the same time
because tomorrow I have a program with trium
cas it has been a long time since I came and there is
certain news about the Marta del
Castillo case that we want to comment on So
Tomorrow I'll see Marta. Yes, my goodness,
shameful, shameful, that's why you should snitch.
I don't understand anything.